[DOCS-1131] Document run metrics automations (#1209)
wandb/docs: content/guides/core/automations/_index.md

For an artifact in a [project]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/project-page.md" >}}), you can configure an automation to run:
- When a new version is added to an artifact. For example, start a training job when a new version of a dataset artifact is added to a given collection.
- When an alias is added to an artifact version. For example, trigger a PII redaction workflow when the alias "redaction" is added to a dataset artifact.
- When a metric for a run meets or exceeds a configured threshold.
- When a metric for a run changes by a configured threshold.

> Each run is considered separately, even if it is part of a run set.

Reviewer: Note that the term Run Set is meaningful in weights and biases - https://docs.wandb.ai/guides/reports/edit-a-report/#add-run-sets, and while this sentence isn't technically wrong, it's confusing to someone who knows what runsets are.

I think the point is important, but it's a detail we should move it down into the automation-events doc since it's a bit of an implementation detail. 

I would probably write it something like: 
`Each run is considered separately, even if the automation has a run filter that will match with multiple runs. The values for each run are put into their own window, and thus each run is compared to the threshold separately. If the automation fires for one run, it can still fire for other runs that match that automation.  A particular run metric automation will only fire once every 24hrs per run.`

Author: Done!

For an artifact in a [project]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/project-page.md" >}}), you can configure an automation to run:
- When a new version is added to an artifact. For example, start a training job when a new version of a dataset artifact is added to a given collection.
- When an alias is added to an artifact version. For example, trigger a PII redaction workflow when the alias "redaction" is added to a dataset artifact.
- When a metric for a run or set of runs meets or exceeds a configured threshold.

> - When a metric for a run or set of runs changes by a configured threshold.

Reviewer: While the alert config does support multiple runs, the alert itself only fires in relation to a particular run - if 3 runs all log the same metric, they are evaluated independently of each other against the alert, not together. I worry that we're confusing users by mentioning set of runs here.

Author: I think I addressed this

> - When a metric for a run or set of runs meets or exceeds a configured threshold.
> - When a metric for a run or set of runs changes by a configured threshold.

Author: ```suggestion
- When a metric for a run meets or exceeds a configured threshold.
- When a metric for a run changes by a configured threshold.

Each run is considered separately, even if it is part of a run set.
```

    1. Define the [event]({{< relref "#automation-events" >}}) to watch for, such as when a new artifact version is added. 
    1. Define the action to take when the event occurs (posting to a Slack channel or running a webhook). For a webhook, specify a secret to use for the access token and/or a secret to send with the payload, if required.

## Limitations

> [Run metrics automations]({{< relref "automation-events.md#run-metrics-events">}}) are currently supported only in [W&B Multi-tenant Cloud]({{< relref "/guides/hosting/#wb-multi-tenant-cloud" >}}).

Reviewer: and we should also call out that it's a paid feature, so Pro/enterprise only  - this only calls out multi-tenant cloud

Author: That's already covered by the prior Automations PR, up at the top of each page. It's not so obvious from the source here, but should be showing in the HTML previews.

Reviewer: ah, great, thanks!
